__cxa_get_globals
__cxa_get_globals
__cxa_get_globals
__cxa_get_globals
__cxa_get_globals
__conn_query_timestamp
cuserid
_IO_str_pbackfail
_IO_setb
__session_close_cursors.isra.6
__session_close_cached_cursors
_IO_padn
vprintf
swapcontext
__libc_alloca_cutoff
_IO_enable_locks
deflateReset
_tr_init
adler32_z
deflateInit2_
_tr_flush_block
send_tree
mongo::OperationShardingState::~OperationShardingState()
mongo::logv2::LogDomainGlobal::settings()
mongo::BasicCommandWithReplyBuilderInterface::Invocation::ns() const
mongo::Date_t::toSystemTimePoint() const
mongo::WiredTigerSessionCache::releaseSession(mongo::WiredTigerSession*)
mongo::CurOp::~CurOp()
mongo::FTDCController::doLoop()
_IO_default_uflow
_IO_str_underflow
_IO_sputbackc
vsscanf
_IO_sscanf
adjtime
tzset
ctime_r
mongo::time_t_to_String_short[abi:cxx11](long)
mongo::TransactionCoordinatorsStats::toBSON() const
mongo::ServerTransactionCoordinatorsMetrics::updateStats(mongo::TransactionCoordinatorsStats*)
mongo::CurrentInSteps::CurrentInSteps()
mongo::getGlobalServiceContext()
mongo::StringBuilderImpl<mongo::SharedBufferAllocator>::operator<<(char const*)
__libc_open64
mongo::(anonymous namespace)::readFileAsString(mongo::StringData)
__cxa_get_globals
__conn_query_timestamp
cuserid
_IO_str_pbackfail
_IO_setb
__session_close_cursors.isra.6
__session_close_cached_cursors
_IO_padn
vprintf
swapcontext
__libc_alloca_cutoff
_IO_enable_locks
deflateReset
_tr_init
adler32_z
deflateInit2_
_tr_flush_block
send_tree
mongo::OperationShardingState::~OperationShardingState()
mongo::logv2::LogDomainGlobal::settings()
mongo::BasicCommandWithReplyBuilderInterface::Invocation::ns() const
mongo::Date_t::toSystemTimePoint() const
mongo::WiredTigerSessionCache::releaseSession(mongo::WiredTigerSession*)
mongo::CurOp::~CurOp()
mongo::FTDCController::doLoop()
_IO_default_uflow
_IO_str_underflow
_IO_sputbackc
vsscanf
_IO_sscanf
adjtime
tzset
ctime_r
mongo::time_t_to_String_short[abi:cxx11](long)
mongo::TransactionCoordinatorsStats::toBSON() const
mongo::ServerTransactionCoordinatorsMetrics::updateStats(mongo::TransactionCoordinatorsStats*)
mongo::CurrentInSteps::CurrentInSteps()
mongo::getGlobalServiceContext()
mongo::StringBuilderImpl<mongo::SharedBufferAllocator>::operator<<(char const*)
__libc_open64
mongo::(anonymous namespace)::readFileAsString(mongo::StringData)
__cxa_get_globals
__conn_query_timestamp
cuserid
_IO_str_pbackfail
_IO_setb
__session_close_cursors.isra.6
__session_close_cached_cursors
_IO_padn
vprintf
swapcontext
__libc_alloca_cutoff
_IO_enable_locks
deflateReset
_tr_init
adler32_z
deflateInit2_
_tr_flush_block
send_tree
mongo::OperationShardingState::~OperationShardingState()
mongo::logv2::LogDomainGlobal::settings()
mongo::BasicCommandWithReplyBuilderInterface::Invocation::ns() const
mongo::Date_t::toSystemTimePoint() const
mongo::WiredTigerSessionCache::releaseSession(mongo::WiredTigerSession*)
mongo::CurOp::~CurOp()
mongo::FTDCController::doLoop()
_IO_default_uflow
_IO_str_underflow
_IO_sputbackc
vsscanf
_IO_sscanf
adjtime
tzset
ctime_r
mongo::time_t_to_String_short[abi:cxx11](long)
mongo::TransactionCoordinatorsStats::toBSON() const
mongo::ServerTransactionCoordinatorsMetrics::updateStats(mongo::TransactionCoordinatorsStats*)
mongo::CurrentInSteps::CurrentInSteps()
mongo::getGlobalServiceContext()
mongo::StringBuilderImpl<mongo::SharedBufferAllocator>::operator<<(char const*)
__libc_open64
mongo::(anonymous namespace)::readFileAsString(mongo::StringData)
__cxa_get_globals
__conn_query_timestamp
cuserid
_IO_str_pbackfail
_IO_setb
__session_close_cursors.isra.6
__session_close_cached_cursors
_IO_padn
vprintf
swapcontext
__libc_alloca_cutoff
_IO_enable_locks
deflateReset
_tr_init
adler32_z
deflateInit2_
_tr_flush_block
send_tree
mongo::OperationShardingState::~OperationShardingState()
mongo::logv2::LogDomainGlobal::settings()
mongo::BasicCommandWithReplyBuilderInterface::Invocation::ns() const
mongo::Date_t::toSystemTimePoint() const
mongo::WiredTigerSessionCache::releaseSession(mongo::WiredTigerSession*)
mongo::CurOp::~CurOp()
mongo::FTDCController::doLoop()
_IO_default_uflow
_IO_str_underflow
_IO_sputbackc
vsscanf
_IO_sscanf
adjtime
tzset
ctime_r
mongo::time_t_to_String_short[abi:cxx11](long)
mongo::TransactionCoordinatorsStats::toBSON() const
mongo::ServerTransactionCoordinatorsMetrics::updateStats(mongo::TransactionCoordinatorsStats*)
mongo::CurrentInSteps::CurrentInSteps()
mongo::getGlobalServiceContext()
mongo::StringBuilderImpl<mongo::SharedBufferAllocator>::operator<<(char const*)
__libc_open64
mongo::(anonymous namespace)::readFileAsString(mongo::StringData)
__cxa_get_globals
__conn_query_timestamp
cuserid
_IO_str_pbackfail
_IO_setb
__session_close_cursors.isra.6
__session_close_cached_cursors
_IO_padn
vprintf
swapcontext
__libc_alloca_cutoff
_IO_enable_locks
deflateReset
_tr_init
adler32_z
deflateInit2_
_tr_flush_block
send_tree
mongo::OperationShardingState::~OperationShardingState()
mongo::logv2::LogDomainGlobal::settings()
mongo::BasicCommandWithReplyBuilderInterface::Invocation::ns() const
mongo::Date_t::toSystemTimePoint() const
mongo::WiredTigerSessionCache::releaseSession(mongo::WiredTigerSession*)
mongo::CurOp::~CurOp()
mongo::FTDCController::doLoop()
_IO_default_uflow
_IO_str_underflow
_IO_sputbackc
vsscanf
_IO_sscanf
adjtime
tzset
ctime_r
mongo::time_t_to_String_short[abi:cxx11](long)
mongo::TransactionCoordinatorsStats::toBSON() const
mongo::ServerTransactionCoordinatorsMetrics::updateStats(mongo::TransactionCoordinatorsStats*)
mongo::CurrentInSteps::CurrentInSteps()
mongo::getGlobalServiceContext()
mongo::StringBuilderImpl<mongo::SharedBufferAllocator>::operator<<(char const*)
__libc_open64
mongo::(anonymous namespace)::readFileAsString(mongo::StringData)
